Security/privacy questionnaire for unsigned bundles (#558)
WICG/webpackage: explainers/navigation-to-unsigned-bundles.md

  URLs, the tracking could move to path segments.

* The path of a locally-saved bundle may include private information like a
  username. As [Loading an untrusted bundle](#loading-an-untrusted-bundle)
  suggests, the URL of the bundle itself needs to be hidden from web APIs to
  avoid exposing this.

### Security/Privacy Questionaire

This section contains answers to the [W3C TAG Security and Privacy
Questionnaire](https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/).

#### 1. What information might this feature expose to Web sites or other parties, and for what purposes is that exposure necessary?

This feature should not expose additional information than what the original Web
sites intended to expose.

#### 2. Is this specification exposing the minimum amount of information necessary to power the feature?

Yes.

#### 3. How does this specification deal with personal information or personally-identifiable information or information derived thereof?

When the content included in the unsigned Web Bundle is loaded as an untrusted
bundle (e.g: loaded a “untrusted” bundle from a local file), navigation to the

> Bundle will be loaded within its unique origin with package: scheme, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle will be loaded within its unique origin with [package: scheme](#urls-for-bundle-components), which is
```

the original origin’s storage should be given.

Please also see the [Security and privacy considerations](#security-and-privacy-considerations).

#### 4. How does this specification deal with sensitive information?

(See above) TODO: link.

#### 5. Does this specification introduce a new state for an origin that persists across browsing sessions?

This proposal introduces a [`package:` scheme](#urls-for-bundle-components) that
defines an origin based on the location or the URL of the bundle itself, and the
claimed URL inside the bundle. That's a new kind of origin with the same state
as any other origin (e.g. indexed DB, Local Storage), which can be persisted
across browsing sessions.

#### 6. What information from the underlying platform, e.g. configuration data, is exposed by this specification to an origin?

None.

#### 7. Does this specification allow an origin access to sensors on a user’s device

No.

#### 8. What data does this specification expose to an origin? Please also document what data is identical to data exposed by other features, in the same or different contexts.

Network requests (e.g. fetch or iframe) from the unsigned bundle could expose IP

> address of the user, in the same way as regular navigation does.  See also this

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/blob/master/explainers/navigation-to-unsigned-bundles.md#network-access

> section in the explainer about how network requests from untrusted bundles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[section](#network-access) in the explainer about how network requests from untrusted bundles
```

No

#### 13. How does this specification distinguish between behavior in first-party and third-party contexts?

For navigation, this specification itself doesn’t distinguish between behavior
in first-party (i.e. top-level navigation) and third-party (i.e. iframe or
nested navigation), while additional constraints might be added or mixed content
might block the content for the latter case, in the same way as regular nested
navigations.

For subsequent subresource loading with an attached bundle, again there is no
particular difference from regular subresource loading, and origins between
different claimed URLs for each resource is distinguished as different
third-party origins.

#### 14. How does this specification work in the context of a user agent’s Private Browsing or "incognito" mode?

No difference while the user is browsing sites in Private mode, except that any
session state will be persisted (in the same way as regular navigation in
Private mode).

#### 15. Does this specification have a "Security Considerations" and "Privacy Considerations" section?

See the security considerations in the format spec, security and privacy

> considerations in the explainer, and open design questions in the explainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [security considerations](https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-wpack-bundled-exchanges.html#security)
in the format spec, [security and privacy considerations](#security-and-privacy-considerations)
in the explainer, and [open design questions](#open-design-questions) in the
explainer.
```

#### 16. Does this specification allow downgrading default security characteristics?

Similarly to Service Worker, this specification allows a resource in a “trusted”
Web Bundle to be served as its claimed URL if the claimed URL matches within the
scope of “unsigned bundle scope” of the distributor URL, and

> Service-Worker-Allowed response header also allowed the scope to be extended

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if `Service-Worker-Allowed` response header is given the default scope can be also extended```

The original text was probably a bit garbled.. (feel free to modify further)
